chore: Apply style guide (Part 3) (#1151)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/features/odata/v4/expand-select.mdx

In contrast to the OData v2 implementation, you have to select and expand separately.
In other words, selected properties are not expanded automatically as in v2.

The reason for this difference originates in the way select and expand work in OData v4.
In OData v4 you select within the expand-argument `$expand=Friends($select=FirstName)` whereas in OData v2 you select via a path `$select=Friends/FirstName&$expand=Friends`.

> That's why the SAP Cloud SDK mimic this behavior for select and expand operations in its API for OData v4 type-safe client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's why the SAP Cloud SDK mimics this behavior for select and expand operations in its API for OData v4 type-safe clients.
```
